Do you remember that you knew
Did Bojun say anything to you at that time?
Bo Jun asked you to be considerate of the people after taking office
Be discerning
But today as the governor of the building
Without a trial, the commander will be robbed on the spot
What are you guilty of?
How do you know what Bo Jun said to me?
Li Wei was promoted to the third level in a row for a small frontier
If my father hadn't been in front of the national army
Say good things for you
Where is your today?
Your father
Is it true?
My father is the old god of war who passed away
Hit Tianxiong and put down the gun
The guard is not
It's you
What are you hesitating about?
Do it!
Come down and shoot
You made me believe his rhetoric
What he just said
It is in the hall that Luo Ju exhorts pessimism
No more than three people have copied all the ways in this matter
Who the hell is he?
What the Germans said to you
Although few people know
But the clothes wear ten feet and wear hundreds.
This kid has a lot of money
Then he must have found a way to find out.
Don't be deceived by him
Yes, yes, yes.
Maybe where did he hear that?
Just to be on the safe side.
It's better to leave this matter to the royal family
The royal family is coming soon